README.md, before:

SignIn-Android
==============

This application presets a sample login screen / account registration flow.  It allows a user to create an account, log in, and stores the credentials in the Android Account Manager.  

In particular this sample application highlights the following key backend tasks:

* Allow users to sign up and log in
* Store Credentials in Android AccountManager
* Integrate Login with Twitter or Facebook OAuth


## Set up Sign-In Project

1. Clone the project repository.
2. In Eclipse, go to __File &rarr; Import…__
3. Click __Android &rarr; Existing Android Code into Workspace__
4. __Browse…__ to set __Root Directory__ to the cloned repository from step 1
5. In the __Projects__ box, make sure the __MainActivity__ project check box is selected. Then click __Finish__.
6. Specify your app key and secret in `assets/kinvey.properties` constant variables
![key and secret]()


```java
app.key=MY_APP_KEY

app.secret=MY_APP_SECRET
```

## Required Libraries
The following libraries are required to run this sample: 
* [Kinvey Android Library](http://devcenter.kinvey.com/android/downloads)
* [Facebook SDK for Android](https://developers.facebook.com/android/)
* Google Play Services (Available in the *Android SDK Manager*)
* [Action Bar Sherlock](http://actionbarsherlock.com/)

Commit message:

making it explicit that you need akeys from facebook and twitter for oauth to work

README.md, after:

SignIn-Android
==============

This application presets a sample login screen / account registration flow.  It allows a user to create an account, log in, and stores the credentials in the Android Account Manager.  

In particular this sample application highlights the following key backend tasks:

* Allow users to sign up and log in
* Store Credentials in Android AccountManager
* Integrate Login with Twitter or Facebook OAuth


## Set up Sign-In Project

1. Clone the project repository.
2. In Eclipse, go to __File &rarr; Import…__
3. Click __Android &rarr; Existing Android Code into Workspace__
4. __Browse…__ to set __Root Directory__ to the cloned repository from step 1
5. In the __Projects__ box, make sure the __MainActivity__ project check box is selected. Then click __Finish__.
6. Specify your app key and secret in `assets/kinvey.properties` constant variables
![key and secret]()


```java
app.key=MY_APP_KEY

app.secret=MY_APP_SECRET
```

##Twitter login

1.  Visit [Twitter's developer console](www.dev.twitter.com), login, and create a new application.
2.  Set the `Callback URL` to be anything, as long as it is not empty.  For example, `http://koauthtest.com`
3.  Open the file `TwitterLoginActivity` and set the following two values to your unique keys.

```java
private static final String TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY = "your_twitter_consumer_key";
private static final String TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET = "your_twitter_consumer_secret";
```	

##Facebook login

1.  Visit [Facebook's developer console](https://developers.facebook.com/), login, and create a new appication.
2.  Check the box for `Native Android App`, and enter your Package name and Class name.
3.  Visit [Facebook's getting started guide](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/getting-started/facebook-sdk-for-android/3.0/) and follow their `Step 4` to generate your `Key Hash`, and set that value in your Facebook's app's configuration page.
4.  In this sample project, open the file `/res/values/strings.xml` and set following value with your unique key.

```java
<string name="facebook_app_id">my_facebook_app_id</string>
```

##Google+ Login

1.  Visit [Google's developer console](https://developers.google.com/+/mobile/android/getting-started) and follow `Prerequisites`, `Step 1`, and `Step 2` to enable the Google+ API and import the `library project` (Not a JAR!) into your IDE.

## Required Libraries
The following libraries are required to run this sample: 
* [Kinvey Android Library](http://devcenter.kinvey.com/android/downloads)
* [Facebook SDK for Android](https://developers.facebook.com/android/)
* Google Play Services (Available in the *Android SDK Manager*)
* [Action Bar Sherlock](http://actionbarsherlock.com/)
